Add IBM Model M SSK configuration (#14050)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/converter/modelm_ssk/readme.md

* Soldering iron if not using a breadboard

## Setup

![Finished controller](https://i.imgur.com/m1yuo4F.jpg)

The controller uses the following mapping (in zero-indexed hex):

```
Column: 0  1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  A  B  C  D  E  F
Pin:   C7 C6 C5 C4 C3 C2 C1 C0 E1 E0 D7 D5 D4 D3 D2 D1
--------------------------------------------------------
Row:  0  1  2  3  4  5  6  7
Pin: F0 F1 F2 F3 F4 F5 F6 F7
```

**IMPORTANT:** It is necessary to skip pin D6 on the Teensy. There is an LED attached to this pin, which can cause interference with registering keys. Alternatively, you can remove the LED from the board, which is likely to be a permanent modification of the Teensy. The choice is yours. I am not responsible for any damage to your Teensy or keyboard.

## A note on the Unicomp Mini M

This configuration will not work out of the box with the [Unicomp Mini M](https://www.pckeyboard.com/page/product/MINI_M). That keyboard uses a 16x12 matrix rather than the SSK's 16x8 in order to reduce occurrences of 2KRO lockup. It also features lock lights, which the SSK lacks. However, it should be possible to map out the Mini M's matrix to get it working.

## Maintainer

> Keyboard Maintainer: [tiltowait](https://github.com/tiltowait), original work by [iw0rm3r](https://github.com/iw0rm3r)
> Hardware Supported: Teensy 2.0++ board by PJRC
> Hardware Availability: https://www.pjrc.com/store/teensypp.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Keyboard Maintainer: [tiltowait](https://github.com/tiltowait), original work by [iw0rm3r](https://github.com/iw0rm3r)
* Hardware Supported: Teensy 2.0++ board by PJRC
* Hardware Availability: https://www.pjrc.com/store/teensypp.html
```

## Building

> For your initial build, you will need to run
> 
>     make converter/modelm_ssk:default:teensy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make converter/modelm_ssk:default
```
